what's the difference between American
and Japanese snowmen and how did Batman
get involved stick around I promise
it'll all make sense experts say the
snowman dates back to the Renaissance
but back then they were built to look
like humans and it was more of an art
form the top hat look we know today
started in the late 1800s and so men
were given pipes because of society's
growing interest in drinking and smoking
and top hats had just gotten popular
earlier that century after men stopped
wearing wigs the three-piece snowman is
the most common around the world
although Japan does a two-piece snowman
because it's based off a Buddhist God so
they just do head and torso and the legs
are apparently underneath sitting
indian-style it takes 10 trillion
snowflakes to make an average snowman so
imagine how many it took to build the
tallest snowman ever in Bethel Maine
there was actually a snow woman and she
had trees for arms Americans have also
set the record for most snowmen built in
an hour while Japan has the record for
most snowmen built in one place but
remember they built two piece snowmen so
it's pretty much apples and oranges also
they're tall snowman ever was 20 feet
shorter than ours now let's talk
expensive snowmen the movie Jack Frost
with Michael Keaton had an 85 million
dollar budget so that was one expensive
mechanical snowman they built but that
snowman was actually made to look like a
different actor who was originally
supposed to play the part can you guess
who it is Oh mom it's George Clooney and
no hard feelings about Keaton taking
that role because Clooney took Keaton's
on-screen girlfriend earlier that year
in out of sight but they didn't have to
share a bat suit when both those guys
played Batman you might remember that
Clooney's suit was made to be
anatomically correct even adding nipples
wow that's a lot of info but if you want
to keep getting smarter check out our
last episode about Christmas gifts I'll
tell you about the worst gift ever
thanks for watching guys let me know in
the comments what kind of cool stuff
you've built out of snow and subscribe
to pop spot if you haven't already and
I'll see you here every Monday when we
get smarter in seconds
if Batman had to wear the suit that you
have to wear everyone would die